---
title: "Welcome to Team Comtress 2"
date: 2025-09-20
description: Welcome to a new age of your favorite game.
draft: true
---

Welcome to Team Comtress 2. After a few months in beta and excruciating experimentation on playtesters, we're ready to release the mod into early access!
The launch comes with our summer (yes it's still summer, we checked) [Blockbuster Update](/updates/blockbuster), the first major update to Team Comtress 2.
We're not sure how long the early access period will last, but be sure that it'll be packed full of exciting new updates and features. Once we're out of early access,
we'll be looking to publish the mod on Steam.

For full transparency, here are our plans for the next while, a roadmap if you will, if you've heard of those before:

* **Competitive Mode updates**: support for team rosters/pro nicknames, community/official tournaments with org tools, enhanced spectator & broadcaster support, and an overhauled matchmaking / pick-up game system
* **Quickplay and Casual improvements**: quickplay reworked for the modern era, to elevate community servers alongside matchmaking, as well as enhanced custom mode / workshop browse support in an Arcade section
* **Huge team improvements**: performance improvements and other aesthetic enhancements for the popular 100 player community servers which have gained interest from the community, and a brand new gamemode built for huge teams
* ...and a few more suprises along the way!

As always, we'll be listening and looking for feedback where ever we can find it! We want to take into account your thoughts — yes _you_! — in guiding our process and making this the best game it can be. To everyone who has taken the time to give feedback, suggestions and even playtest the mod so far: thank you. We couldn't have done this without you. And we're hoping more people will come to enjoy this experience over time. We're in it for the long haul. Thanks, and have fun!
