---
title: "TC2 Beta - We need you!"
date: 2025-08-08
description: Help us test our first major update before release!
draft: false
---

Hey folks! We're working on Team Comtress 2, a Source Mod for TF2 which enhances the player experience and moves the game forward. TC2 has a long-but-not-really-that-long
history, going back almost 4 years, and while we intended to submit these patches to Valve, and still do, we figured it would be a great idea to ship these changes
directly to players. This not only gets a better experience in the hands of players sooner, but also allows us to test things with a larger audience and
make sure everything we do elevates the game. This can help Valve feel confident about how well the changes work, and how functioning they are.

Our plan for the initial release is to update the game for various quality of life features, bug fixes, slight adjustments and performance improvements. We want this
to be a solid update that doesn't rock the boat too much, used as a launch point for years to come (do boats need launching?). Though many changes for the update are inspired by competitive
community requests, we're looking to make changes that benefit all players, whether you play casually or competitively. We believe that focus to the core gameplay of TF2,
while addressing the concerns for both audiences, is essential and the only way to make sure we're moving in the right direction.

In doing so, we're paying close attention to a wide range of feedback, from every type of player, in every skill level, and every playstyle, and we're also taking into account
the rich history of feedback given to the game over its nearly two decades of live servicing (is that a word?). We've combed through the TF2 source code, developer interviews, and more
to get a good understanding of what TF means to everyone, and how to make it work better.

But even with all this prep work and care, game design isn't an exact science. It's more like brewing a new potion in your witch's cauldron: mixing liquids, powders and herbs until you get the right color and bubbles. Part of this means that during this beta period, we'll experiment a bit more than usual to get familiar with all TF2's design has to offer, and better understand what we're dealing with for many updates to come. Part of this also means that we need your feedback to make this mod the best it can be.

And we've already seen a lot of feedback regarding Team Comtress 2 and its changes. We love and appreciate that people take the time to do that, and we encourage everyone to join in on the fun with directly testing our changes. Join [our Discord](https://comfig.app/discord) and participate in one of our daily playtest sessions!
