---
date: 2025-08-03
---

**Changes**

* Experimental ramp-up change:
  * Weapons which ignore falloff now have additional ramp-up within the range of 148 units
  * The Grenade Launcher will use its new spread value of +2.96% for the upper bound, while continuing to use the traditional spread value of -14.8% for the lower bound from yesterday's changes
  * _This brings out a minor buff at closer-range in exchange for yesterday's nerf._
* Sentry Gun rockets and the Soldier Grenade taunt now use the same splash damage rules as other explosions
  * _This should make the splash damage slightly weaker, but more intuitive to players._
* Experimental Wrangler changes:
  * Shield is only active when disabled
  * Wrangler Fire Rate is now doubled across the board. Previously, to preserve the effective fire rate prior to fixing fire rate, Level 1 sentries fired only 1.66x faster, and Level 2 & 3 sentries fired only 1.5x faster.
    * Rockets now fire at an interval of 1.5 seconds, boosting from the normal interval of 3 seconds. Previously, rockets fired every 2.25 seconds while the Wrangler was active.
  * _This allows the Engineer to preserve his mix of offensive and defensive capabilities with the Wrangler, but only one at a time In exchange for the loss of the shield while firing, the stats were buffed, while becoming more intuitive._
* Experimental Short Circuit changes:
  * Increased damage per orb from 15 to 20
  * Increased zap targets per orb from 2 to 4
  * Instead of clearing projectiles, the orb now applies a stacking -35% damage penalty to projectiles
  * _Completely destroying a player's projectile felt too unfair and frustrating. Now, the Engineer retains the ability to reduce the effectiveness of projectile spam, but not completely counter classes that rely on it, while also encouraging cooperative play between Engineers._
* Damage feedback changes:
  * Damage feedback now plays even when dead.
  * Improved damage feedback of bullets.
  * Changed damage feedback defaults to be more responsive to gameplay. Damage feedback settings will reset the first time you get into a game.
* Various minor optimizations and visual improvements
* `env_smokestack` map entity now supports up to 8 materials

**Fixes**

* Fixed a crash on the main menu
* Fixed some class selection sounds not playing
