---
date: 2025-08-02
---

**Changes**

* Adjusted damage falloff
  * Partly reintroduced low-bound of damage variation from random damage spread, for weapons which ignore falloff (Sniper Rifle and Grenade Launcher).
  * Now, damage in the tail-end of falloff range (>665.6 units) will decrease gradually, down to the minimum damage variation (-14.8%) at max falloff range (1024 units).
  * Note that critical hits ignore falloff and damage spread.
  * _We think there was a balance oversight when random damage spread was disabled by default. When it was disabled, we lost the variance at the lower end of damage. Although zero variance is the expected value for damage, in practice, damage thresholds were designed for damage spread to sometimes proc at the lower end. For example, with random damage spread on, grenades would sometimes do 85 damage, and this would have implications for thresholds beyond just the unpredictability. Although the randomness of this mechanic felt unfair, we think it's good to bring back the lower-end in a way which further encourages fights to take place at closer range, further emphasizing the falloff mechanic._
* Fixed damage falloff not reaching the 102.4 unit tail-end due to a bug in how disabling random spread was implemented
* Added respawn feature during the first 7 seconds after spawning. By pressing your Interact key during this time, you will respawn. This allows players to switch spawn rooms, and switch loadouts / class without a resupply locker.
  * If you leave the spawn room, you will no longer be able to use this feature.
* Reworked the Soda Popper
  * Hype glow now always shows on the Soda Popper when hype is available
  * Hype is activated by jumping a third time while the Soda Popper is fully deployed
  * You are marked for death while Hype is activated
  * Hype is lost upon touching the ground
  * _This transforms the Soda Popper into a high-risk, high-reward aerial mobility tool, which rewards players for maintaining air time through well timed jumps, and punishes them harder for failing. It also makes the ability much more readable to enemy players._
* Fixed being under the effects of Bonk causing the player to take push force from damage in cases where it shouldn't apply

**Fixes**

* Reverted experimental changes except global ramp-up and spread changes
* Fixed teams not auto-readying when there was 6 players on each team in match emulation mode
