---
date: 2025-09-06
---

**Changes**

* 6s and Highlander no longer have reduced respawn times based upon player count. They will be based upon the standard respawn wave timer of 10 seconds by default.
  * This fixes an issue where disconnected players could influence their team's respawn time to be shorter.
  * Furthermore, this extends respawn times in 6s to the designed time. Since 6s is below the 8 player threshold per team for full respawn times, 6s always received a lowered respawn time by default.
  * We'll monitor the impact of this change and use it to devise a more suitable respawn time for 6s which isn't based upon a proportion of 8 player teams.
* If teams are full, the server now advertises an extra player slot so new players/spectators can join, up to the server's max player count
  * Bot counts in casual matches now default to a full 12v12, rather than an 11v11
* BLU Engineers can now build in their respawn room during Setup time
  * Buildings built in this way are disabled until they are moved out of the respawn room
  * After Setup time is over, buildings cannot be placed in the respawn room
* Reworked Flying Guillotine:
  * No longer deals damage on hit
  * Now instantly culls enemies with less than 30% health
  * Culling an enemy will instantly recharge the meter
  * Bleed and meter unchanged
* Reduced SMG crit multiplier to 1.5x instead of 3x
* Fixed dropped Medi-Guns using the wrong model with the connecting hose
* Fixed being able to build teleporters in places which teleport players into a death zone
* Fixed cases of animation stutter for player models in the HUD
* Added Large Combat Text setting to Advanced Options
* Fixed rocket fire animation not playing when using the Wrangler (thanks horiuchii!)
* Fixed the Jarate, Cleaver, Mad Milk, Gas Passer, and Spell Books being able to pass through thin walls and doors
* Fixed Major League Scouts in Mann vs. Machine not being able to launch their ball in certain cases
* Fixed various rendering issues on attachments and throwables when using flipped viewmodels

**Fixes**

* Fixed pings appearing in freezecam
* Fixed the Red Tape Recorder having more health than intended
* Fixed health icon not displaying properly
* Fixed a bug with spawn switching hotkey
* Fixed TC2 content not being updated on Windows. This fixes the following changes not appearing:
  * Fixed flamethrower material not loading correctly
  * Fixed application icon not loading properly
  * Enhanced weapon lighting to be softer
  * Red Tape Recorder +50% building health
  * Pings now show additional information in text chat
