---
date: 2025-10-16
---

* SourceTV updates
  * SourceTV now transmits local player data, allowing ammo counters, Sniper Rifle charge, and more to display to clients
  * Fixed cases of desync due to SourceTV not transmitting various game events to clients
  * Renamed tv_allow_camera_man to tv_allow_camera_man_steamid. Now accepts a SteamID in addition to 0/1, allowing only a spectator with the given SteamID to control the camera.
    * Changed the default to 0, denying anyone to control the camera
  * Enabled map change delay by default, to prevent SourceTV from cutting off with a delay
  * Changed default SourceTV delay from 30 seconds to 90 seconds
  * Enabled recording SourceTV demos by default
  * Reduced time between SourceTV chat messages from 8 seconds to 5 seconds
  * Reduced SourceTV timeout time from 30 seconds to 20 seconds to match other timeouts
* Fixed Sniper's player model disappearing while scoped in when playing back a demo
* Dueling icons are no longer displayed in competitive matches. Server operators can now use tf_tournament_hide_domination_icons 1 to additionally disable it on non-competitive servers.
* Added tf_tournament_force_ds 1 to allow server operators to force recording of demos when tournament mode is enabled, to enforce demo recording requirements on community administrated competitive games. If demo recording is stopped by the player in this case, it will be automatically restarted.
* Voice icons are now enabled by default during tournament matches, to match matchmaking behavior. It can now be controlled by mp_show_voice_icons.
* Added match emulation settings to control map change behavior upon match end
* Fixed an issue preventing "Auto-record competitive matches" setting from working properly
* Set the default of mp_tournament_allow_non_admin_restart to 0, to prevent non-admins from restarting the round in tournament matches
* Fixed various exploits with some commands being executable by a normal player, rather than being restricted to server admins
* Disabled uploading custom content to the server directly, due to incompatability with Steam Networking and the potential for exploits and abuse. A replacement to this will be coming in a later patch.
* Disabled downloading custom content from the server directly, due to incompatability with Steam Networking. A replacement to this will be coming in a later patch.
* Disabled wait command by default to avoid exploits
* Disabled playing voice from a file to prevent abuse
* Disabled flames particle change as it reduced class visibility
