---
date: 2026-02-11
---

* Disabled AFK kicks during competitive matches
* AFK players will now unready during competitive prematch time after 30 seconds of inactivity
* (TEST) Added basic class swap request feature
    * Currently only works on bots
    * If a player tries to select a class which is at the class limit, a bot will be requested to swap their class with the player.
    * Upon the bot's respawn, it will switch to another class, and upon your next respawn, you will switch to the class you requested.
* (TEST) Added overhauled pause feature
    * Pause with the new pause_request command. We will add a keybind for this in the future.
    * The new pause feature operates on a game-aware basis, rather than at the engine level
    * Supports various new rules: max pauses, pause cooldown, max pause duration, to be implemented in the near future.
    * Pausing will no longer freeze networking and prevent player joins
    * Fixed various issues with pausing responding to inputs improperly
    * Fixed various glitches with game / player state becoming corrupted during a pause
    * New pause sytem broadly blocks game simulation, but allows for certain systems to continue operating during a pause. Work is ongoing in this area.
    * There may be some bugs related to the new pause system, like players being to perform certain commands/actions during a pause. Please report any issues you encounter.
    * There is no UI for the new pause system at the moment, but we will add one in the future.
* Fixed new main menu system not reacting to the main menu being closed
* Fixed respawn switch notification appearing for a very short period when spawning outside of a respawn room
* Fixed the ability for clients to cheat their spread patterns
* Fixed an issue where competitive matches did not wait properly for SourceTV delay
* Fixed an issue where competitive tournament restart mode did not reset the match summary stage properly
* Fixed some issues with how matches detected and handled ending
